docs: clarify new TAG role in sandbox reviews (#493)
cncf/sandbox: README.md

Your project's application is placed in the backlog for triaging. You can view the status of your application and others at anytime by checking out our [Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/cncf/projects/14).

As we approach Sandbox application review meetings, CNCF staff will move applications to the "upcoming" column on the Project Board (number dependent on how many can be reviewed in a given meeting). At this point, the TOC will ask questions, seek to learn more, and make a decision on project inclusion. Projects which applied may also field questions from interested community members beyond TOC questions.

> [!NOTE]

> > TAG Leads and members of the [TOC Project Reviews Subproject](https://github.com/cncf/toc/tree/main/toc_subprojects/project-reviews-subproject) may optionally support applications by conducting a General Technical Review up until Day 0 (the day of the TOC review session). Such reviews are voluntary and provide additional technical context to assist the TOC, but are not a required step in the process. For details on how the review is conducted, see the [Sandbox Review Guide](https://github.com/cncf/toc/blob/main/toc_subprojects/project-reviews-subproject/sandbox-review-guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TAG Leads and members of the [TOC Project Reviews Subproject](https://github.com/cncf/toc/tree/main/toc_subprojects/project-reviews-subproject) may optionally support applications by conducting a General Technical Review up until two weeks before a TOC Sandbox review session to allow time for the project maintainers to respond to any questions. Any comments, questions or clarifications during a review are to remain on the Sandbox application issue and not in separate meetings or channels aside from the Project Reviews Subproject slack channel and the Maintainers Circle channel. Such reviews are voluntary and provide additional technical context to assist the TOC, but are not a required step in the process. For details on how the review is conducted, see the [Sandbox Review Guide](https://github.com/cncf/toc/blob/main/toc_subprojects/project-reviews-subproject/sandbox-review-guide.md).
```

This lets the TOC know the project is ready to be reviewed again. A TOC member or staff will remove the `Need-Info` label and affix `Returning` where it will then be removed from the `Waiting` status and placed in the `Upcoming` status for discussion at the next meeting.

#### TAG Leads – Optional General Technical Review

> TAGs no longer conduct formal project reviews as part of the sandbox application process. However, TAG Leads and members of the [TOC Project Reviews Subproject](https://github.com/cncf/toc/tree/main/toc_subprojects/project-reviews-subproject) may optionally support applicants by performing a **General Technical Review**. The process for such reviews is described in the [Sandbox Review Guide](https://github.com/cncf/toc/blob/main/toc_subprojects/project-reviews-subproject/sandbox-review-guide.md). Such reviews must be completed up until **Day 0** (the day of the TOC review session) and are intended to provide additional technical context to the TOC. They do not result in a label or a required action for applicants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TAGs no longer conduct formal project reviews as part of the sandbox application process. However, TAG Leads and members of the [TOC Project Reviews Subproject](https://github.com/cncf/toc/tree/main/toc_subprojects/project-reviews-subproject) may optionally support applicants by performing a **General Technical Review**. The process for such reviews is described in the [Sandbox Review Guide](https://github.com/cncf/toc/blob/main/toc_subprojects/project-reviews-subproject/sandbox-review-guide.md). Such reviews must be completed up until two weeks prior to a TOC Sandbox Review session in order to give project maintainers time to respond. These reviews are intended to provide additional technical context to the TOC. They do not result in a label or a required action for applicants.
```
